Document annotation endpoints.kubernetes.io/last-change-trigger-time (#42245)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

If the number of backend endpoints falls below 1000, the control plane removes this annotation.

### endpoints.kubernetes.io/last-change-trigger-time

Type: Annotation

Example: `endpoints.kubernetes.io/last-change-trigger-time: "2022-01-25T20:39:38Z"`

Used on: Endpoints

> This annotation set to an [Endpoints](/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#endpoints) object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation is set on an [Endpoints](/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#endpoints) object
```

> that represents the timestamp (stored as RFC 3339 date-time string, e.g. '2018-10-22T19:32:52.1Z') of the last change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that represents the timestamp (stored as RFC 3339 date-time string, such as `2018-10-22T19:32:52.1Z`)
of the most recent change to the set of endpoints.
```

> This timestamp belongs to some Pod or Service object, that triggered the endpoints object change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This timestamp belongs to either a Pod or Service object, that triggered the change in the endpoints object.
```

> This timestamp belongs to either a Pod or Service object, that triggered the change in the endpoints object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This timestamp belongs to either a Pod or Service object, that triggered the change in the Endpoints object.
```
How does ”belong” fit into this sentence? I don't understand what it means.

Reviewer 2: How does ”belong” fit into this sentence? I don't understand what it means.

Author: ```
This annotation is set on an [Endpoints](/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#endpoints) object
that represents the timestamp (stored as RFC 3339 date-time string, e.g. '2018-10-22T19:32:52.1Z') of the last change, of some Pod or Service object, that triggered the endpoints object change.
```
This one will be better

Reviewer 2: > This timestamp belongs to either a Pod or Service object, that triggered the change in the Endpoints object.

I still don't quite follow.

Reviewer 3: Agreed. This "belongs to" is confusing. Better revise.
/approve cancel
